docs/installation.rst, before:

Installation
============
Warning: install beem will install pycrytodome which is not compatible to pycryto which is need for python-steem.
At the moment, either beem or steem can be install at one maschine!

For Debian and Ubuntu, please ensure that the following packages are installed:
        
.. code:: bash

    sudo apt-get install build-essential libssl-dev python-dev

For Fedora and RHEL-derivatives, please ensure that the following packages are installed:

.. code:: bash

    sudo yum install gcc openssl-devel python-devel

For OSX, please do the following::

    brew install openssl
    export CFLAGS="-I$(brew --prefix openssl)/include $CFLAGS"
    export LDFLAGS="-L$(brew --prefix openssl)/lib $LDFLAGS"

For Termux on Android, please install the following packages:

.. code:: bash

    pkg install clang openssl-dev python-dev
    
Install beem by pip::

    pip install -U beem
    
You can install beem from this repository if you want the latest
but possibly non-compiling version::

    git clone https://github.com/holgern/beem.git
    cd beem
    python setup.py build
    
    python setup.py install --user

Run tests after install::

    pytest

Manual installation:
--------------------

::

    $ git clone https://github.com/holgern/beem/
    $ cd beem
    $ python setup.py build
    $ python setup.py install --user

Upgrade
-------

::

   $ pip install --user --upgrade

Commit message:

Use doctest for examples, improve docs
Account
* Example forget SimilarAccountNames  added
* Example for history and history_reverse improved
Amount
* Example is tested with doctest
Block
* Example is tested with doctest
Price
* Fix example
Profile
* Fix example
Steem
* Example is tested by doctest
Transactionbuilder
* Example is tested by doctest
Vote
* datetime.now() changed to datetime.utcnow()
* Example is tested by doctest
Witness
* datetime.now() changed to datetime.utcnow()
* Example is tested by doctest
Docs
* Installation instruction improved
* Quickstart created
* Discord channel added to support

docs/installation.rst, after:

Installation
============
The minimal working python version is 2.7.x. or 3.4.x

beem can be installed parallel to python-steem.

For Debian and Ubuntu, please ensure that the following packages are installed:
        
.. code:: bash

    sudo apt-get install build-essential libssl-dev python-dev

For Fedora and RHEL-derivatives, please ensure that the following packages are installed:

.. code:: bash

    sudo yum install gcc openssl-devel python-devel

For OSX, please do the following::

    brew install openssl
    export CFLAGS="-I$(brew --prefix openssl)/include $CFLAGS"
    export LDFLAGS="-L$(brew --prefix openssl)/lib $LDFLAGS"

For Termux on Android, please install the following packages:

.. code:: bash

    pkg install clang openssl-dev python-dev

Signing and Verify can be fasten (200 %) by installing cryptography:

.. code:: bash

    pip install -U cryptography
    
Install beem by pip::

    pip install -U beem

Manual installation
-------------------
    
You can install beem from this repository if you want the latest
but possibly non-compiling version::

    git clone https://github.com/holgern/beem.git
    cd beem
    python setup.py build
    
    python setup.py install --user

Run tests after install::

    pytest
    
    
Installing beem with conda-forge
--------------------------------

Installing beem from the conda-forge channel can be achieved by adding conda-forge to your channels with::

    conda config --add channels conda-forge
    
Once the conda-forge channel has been enabled, beem can be installed with::

    conda install beem

Signing and Verify can be fasten (200 %) by installing cryptography::

    conda install cryptography
